[Biggie]  Yeah... fuck you
[Lil Kim] Fuck you too!
[B.I.G.]  Fuck you bitch
[Lil Kim] Fuck you motherfucker
[B.I.G.]  You ain't shit anyway, fuck you
[Lil Kim] You ain't shit, you fat motherfucker
[B.I.G.]  Yeah, whatever whatever
[Lil Kim] Whatever
[B.I.G.]  You wasn't saying that when you was sucking my dick
[Lil Kim] You wasn't saying that when you was eating my pussy!
You a nasty motherfucker!
[B.I.G.]  Check it, uhh
[Lil Kim] Crab ass

[Chorus One: B.I.G.]

What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue?
You cut that hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life

[Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.]

Uh-huh, uhh, uhh
I know he don't treat you like I treat you
Time to explain the game you see through
Sex is lethal, I ain't gonna lie
Means to get ya back, I ain't gonna try
Like this you all, my girl sucked another nigga dick y'all
Light skinned with the chrome out six y'all
Thought they was creeping, two trips to V-A every third weekend
While you was sleeping, he hit you on the box
Sixty-nine go non-stop
Should've left ya then, but my heart said not
You knew too much, the relationship grew too much
You knew about the crack vials, means to be trialed
Way I hid dough under the bathroom towel
Waited for a while, thought you was my right thing
Then things got frightening
Peep the scene, sorta like Sam Rosten
Guess you ginger, huh, go figure
Never thought you could be a gold digger
Take my dough and spend with the next nigga
Asked my man Trigga, my ace boom coon
Told me cut the bitch off 'fore the shit balloon
Now I'm like Brandy, Sittin In My Room
Pissy drunk listening to Stylistic tunes
Or the O-Jays, thinkin bout the old days
My nigga's like, fuck that bitch, go play
Baller, did she beep you?  Don't call her
Guess who I seen, that freak bitch Paula
She was asking bout ya whereabouts
Here's the digits, I know you can wear that out
Tear that out the frame, ya game so tight
You'll be all fucking night

[Chorus Two: Lil Kim]

What do ya do when your man is untrue?
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new?
I need another man, in my life

[Verse Two: Lil Kim]

Mmm, uhhh, uhhh!
Member when you said you would die for me, shit
All of that was just lies to me
Motherfucker should've never said bye to me
Now you cry for me, like Jodeci
It's like that y'all, my nigga hit another bitch from the back y'all
Black nasty and matter fact you all
Should've seen the hoe, nigga pack ya shit
You out the door, oh
What about the fight in the Mirage?
I seen ya Benz, parked outside my sister's garage
Said it was ya friend Rog, bullshit
I ain't gonna keep puttin up wit the bullshit
And still I, never sweat these bitches
Who be hanged like plaques on the wall and ya pictures
Scaling fishes, my love is concrete
Stashin ya heat in the passenger seat
of the Nautica Jeep, we've been down for so long
Still a bitch like me trying to hold on
Teary eyed, damn a bitch steaming
Girls steady screaming, 'Kim you need to leave him!'
When I testified in court, couldn't think straight
thinkin bout the bitches I fought
over you, nigga half the shit you bought
And fuck you, moving is my last resort
You see nine outta ten niggas, ain't shit
One outta five niggas suck a dick
Ya mad at me, too bad she ain't as bad as me
Could've kept the freak bitch off my canape
Now you see, ain't no pussy warm as mine
Long as mine, ain't no love as strong as this
When I sucked ya dick, it's like smocking a roach
Uhh, I go from first class to coach

[Chorus One, Chorus Two, Chorus One, Chorus Two]
