[Hook:]
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
Stop... now make that motherfucker hammer time like

Go stupid, Go stupid, Go stupid

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Wobble-dy wobble-dy wa wobble wobble
I'm st-stacking my paper my wallet look like a bible
I got girlies half naked that shit look like the grotto
How your waist anorexic and then your ass is colossal
Like whoo
Drop that ass make it boomerang
Take my belt off bitch I'm Pootie Tang
Tippy tow tippy tay you gonna get a tip today
Fuck that you gonna get some dick today
I walk in with my crew and I'm breaking they necks
I'm looking all good I'm making her wet
They pay me respect they pay me in checks
And if she look good she pay me in sex
Do it!
Bounce that ass (ass), it's the roundest (roundest)
You the best (best), you deserve a crown bitch
Right on that,

[Hook:]
Ass ass ass ass ass
Ass ass ass ass ass
Ass ass ass ass ass
Stop... now make that motherfucker hammer time like...

Go stupid, go stupid, go stupid

[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
Wobbledy wobble, wo-wo-wobble, wobbin'
Ass so fat, all these bitches' pussies is throbbin'
Bad bitches, I'm your leader, phantom by the meter
Somebody point me to the best ass-eater
Tell 'em "Pussy clean!" I tell 'em "Pussy squeaky!"
Niggas give me brain 'cause all of them niggas geeky
If he got a mandingo, then I buy him a dashiki
And bust this pussy open in the islands of Waikikiiiiii...
Kiss my ass and my anus, 'cause it's finally famous
And it's finally so, yeah, it's finally so!
I don't know, man, guess them ass shots wore off!
Bitches ain't poppin', Google my ass
Only time you on the net is when you Google my ass
Ya fuckin' little whores, fu-fuckin' up my decors
Couldn't get Michael Kors if you was fuckin' Michael Kors
B-B-Big Sean, b-boy, how big is you?
Gimme all yo' money and gimme all yo' residuals
Then slap it on my ass, ass, ass...

[Hook]

[Big Sean:]
Woah, white girls, black girls, tall girls, fat girls
Shake that ass shake that ass, shake that ass
Shake that ass, shake that Ass, shake that ass
Go, go

Short girls, small girls, skinny girls, all girls
Shake that ass shake that ass, shake that ass
Shake that ass, shake that Ass, shake that ass

And I want all of that,

[Hook]

Go stupid!
